# Week 6 Thinking Cap: Thick Mapping 

## 1. What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"
Thick mapping utilizes location-based data to incoporate additional layers of complexity, which mapping does not include. Mapping is a technique to represent the world and relationships between different places. While mapping has many utilitarian purposes, one thing that stood out to me about thick mapping is its ability to incoporate information at many different levels. For instance in Digital Humanities, there is an emphasis for analyses and visualizations to be interpreted at a distant and close level. I think thick mapping is advantageous for this purpose because it allows us to see how location alters relationships at a distant level, but we can incorporate data and view information closely about specific historical events, objects, people, etc. Thus, thick mapping is beneficial because it allows for a more interactive and immersive way to learn about the humanities and historical narratives.

## 2. How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?
Many applications and platforms I use in my day-to-day life utilize thick mapping to enhance the user's experience. Currently, I am working on a group project to develop a prototype safety app for pedestratians. The end goal of our project is deliver a successful pitch about our product. Since the priority user group of the app are college students who walk around the Los Angeles area, thick mapping is an important part in informing the decisions about safety features we plan to add to our map, such as areas with high/low light, crowd density, and areas with crime/threat. Also, a large part of our app is incorporating crowd-sourced data about reports in safety threats around the area. This additonal layer of data will help to "thicken" our map by adding individual testimonies from users about a specific safety incident and informing other pedestratians about their safety.
